# BNB Chain Blog Posts

Last updated: 3/19/2025, 4:06:26 PM

## Uncategorized

- [MEV ProtectionSee how to protect your asset on the transaction from price manipulation.](uncategorized/mev-protectionsee-how-to-protect-your-asset-on-the.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Step by Step Guide](uncategorized/step-by-step-guide.md) (3/19/2025)
- [InfrastructureBNB Chain & the Web3 BlueprintExplore BNB Chain's growth, ecosystem benefits, and the impact across its three community-led blockchains: BNB Smart Chain (BSC), opBNB, and BNB Greenfield.8 min read](uncategorized/infrastructurebnb-chain-the-web3-blueprintexplore.md) (3/19/2025)
- [InfrastructureCrypto Trading Automation: How to Use Bots on BNB ChainNumerous trading bots support BSC, with each catering to different needs and preferences.Numerous trading bots support BSC, with each catering to different needs and preferences.2025.3.185 min read](uncategorized/infrastructurecrypto-trading-automation-how-to-use.md) (3/19/2025)
- [InfrastructureBNB Good Will AllianceIn response to the call to reduce malicious MEV attacks and other community actions in good will to help with the BNB ecosystem's growth and development, the BNB Chain core community now unites several prominent members to launch the BNB Good Will Alliance.In response to the call to reduce malicious MEV attacks and other community actions in good will to help with the BNB ecosystem's growth and development, the BNB Chain core community now unites several prominent members to launch the BNB Good Will Alliance.2025.3.181 min read](uncategorized/infrastructurebnb-good-will-alliancein-response-to.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder Support$4.4M Permanent Liquidity Pool Support – Round 2Starting from March 13, 2025, BNB Chain will kick off the second round of the "$4.4M Permanent Liquidity Support".Starting from March 13, 2025, BNB Chain will kick off the second round of the "$4.4M Permanent Liquidity Support".2025.3.108 min read](uncategorized/builder-support44m-permanent-liquidity-pool.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder SupportAnnouncing the Winners of BNB Incubation Alliance in DenverWe are thrilled to announce the winners from the second round of the BNB Incubation Alliance (BIA), which took place during ETHDenver in Denver. This initiative is part of BNB Chain’s ongoing mission to support and accelerate the growth of blockchain projects, aligning with our goal to onboard the next billion Web3 users. The Winners Judges from leading organizations such as BNB Chain, Yzi Labs, J17, Foresight Ventures, Draper Dragon, Outliner Ventures, Fenbushi, Faculty, Pantera, Spartan GroWe are thrilled to announce the winners from the second round of the BNB Incubation Alliance (BIA), which took place during ETHDenver in Denver. This initiative is part of BNB Chain’s ongoing mission to support and accelerate the growth of blockchain projects, aligning with our goal to onboard the next billion Web3 users. The Winners Judges from leading organizations such as BNB Chain, Yzi Labs, J17, Foresight Ventures, Draper Dragon, Outliner Ventures, Fenbushi, Faculty, Pantera, Spartan Gro2025.3.102 min read](uncategorized/builder-supportannouncing-the-winners-of-bnb.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3Decentralized Exchanges: Everything You Need to KnowA decentralized exchange (DEX) is a peer-to-peer marketplace where users can trade tokens without relying on intermediaries like banks, brokers, payment processors, or other institutions. A decentralized exchange (DEX) is a peer-to-peer marketplace where users can trade tokens without relying on intermediaries like banks, brokers, payment processors, or other institutions. 2025.3.75 min read](uncategorized/web3decentralized-exchanges-everything-you-need-to.md) (3/19/2025)
- [SecurityBest Practices for Security in Web3Web3 presents opportunities for financial independence, but it also introduces unique security risks. Let's familiarize ourselves with some best practices that can help both individuals and developers protect their digital assets and communities.Web3 presents opportunities for financial independence, but it also introduces unique security risks. Let's familiarize ourselves with some best practices that can help both individuals and developers protect their digital assets and communities.2025.3.68 min read](uncategorized/securitybest-practices-for-security-in-web3web3.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityAnnouncing the Winners of BNB Chain’s Hacker House at ETH OxfordFebruary 7-9, 2025, BNB Chain had the privilege of being one of the main sponsors of ETH Oxford, held at the Mathematical Institute of Oxford University. February 7-9, 2025, BNB Chain had the privilege of being one of the main sponsors of ETH Oxford, held at the Mathematical Institute of Oxford University. 2025.3.52 min read](uncategorized/communityannouncing-the-winners-of-bnb-chains.md) (3/19/2025)
- [AIThe Evolution of AI Agents in Web3: Trends, BNB Chain's AI Landscape, and SolutionsAI agents are autonomous systems that make decisions, solve problems, and perform tasks based on their environment and learned data. This article explores the evolution of AI agents in Web3 and how BNB Chain supports their development with scalable solutions.AI agents are autonomous systems that make decisions, solve problems, and perform tasks based on their environment and learned data. This article explores the evolution of AI agents in Web3 and how BNB Chain supports their development with scalable solutions.2025.3.43 min read](uncategorized/aithe-evolution-of-ai-agents-in-web3-trends-bnb.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3What are Sandwich Attacks?A sandwich attack is a form of Maximal Extractable Value (MEV) exploitation where an attacker front-runs and back-runs a user’s trade to profit from price movement. A sandwich attack is a form of Maximal Extractable Value (MEV) exploitation where an attacker front-runs and back-runs a user’s trade to profit from price movement. 2025.3.34 min read](uncategorized/web3what-are-sandwich-attacksa-sandwich-attack-is.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityVote for the BIA Winner in Denver and Share $1,000 in BNB!We are thrilled to invite you to participate in the voting during the pitching session at the BNB Incubation Alliance event in Denver. This is your chance to help decide which project should win the event and gain entry into the prestigious Most Valuable Builder Accelerator Program. Submit your vote and share $1,000 in BNB! How to Participate We will be streaming the pitching session live on BNB Chain’s X, YouTube accounts. Here’s how you can get involved: * Watch the Live Stream: Tune in tWe are thrilled to invite you to participate in the voting during the pitching session at the BNB Incubation Alliance event in Denver. This is your chance to help decide which project should win the event and gain entry into the prestigious Most Valuable Builder Accelerator Program. Submit your vote and share $1,000 in BNB! How to Participate We will be streaming the pitching session live on BNB Chain’s X, YouTube accounts. Here’s how you can get involved: * Watch the Live Stream: Tune in t2025.2.252 min read](uncategorized/communityvote-for-the-bia-winner-in-denver-and.md) (3/19/2025)
- [AIThe Rise of DeFAI: AI-Powered Applications in DeFiDecentralized Finance plus Artificial Intelligence (DeFAI) integrates AI with blockchain-based financial systems, making financial services smarter, more efficient, and user-friendly. By enhancing accessibility and user control, DeFAI can improve how people interact with decentralized finance.Decentralized Finance plus Artificial Intelligence (DeFAI) integrates AI with blockchain-based financial systems, making financial services smarter, more efficient, and user-friendly. By enhancing accessibility and user control, DeFAI can improve how people interact with decentralized finance.2025.2.252 min read](uncategorized/aithe-rise-of-defai-aipowered-applications-in.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3Web3 Gaming in 2025. The Evolution of GameFi?Let’s look at how Web3 Gaming differs from GameFi and how Web3 gaming fits into BNB Chain’s ecosystem. Let’s look at how Web3 Gaming differs from GameFi and how Web3 gaming fits into BNB Chain’s ecosystem. 2025.2.245 min read](uncategorized/web3web3-gaming-in-2025-the-evolution-of.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityBNB Chain Announces Pascal Hard ForkBNB Smart Chain is set to undergo the Pascal hard fork. The fork is scheduled for February 25, 2025, on the testnet and mid-March 2025 for the mainnet.BNB Smart Chain is set to undergo the Pascal hard fork. The fork is scheduled for February 25, 2025, on the testnet and mid-March 2025 for the mainnet.2025.2.212 min read](uncategorized/communitybnb-chain-announces-pascal-hard-forkbnb.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder SupportBNB Incubation Alliance at ETH DenverWe invite you to the upcoming BNB Incubation Alliance (BIA) event in Denver, an opportunity to engage in discussions, network with industry leaders, and explore support mechanisms for early-stage blockchain projects.We invite you to the upcoming BNB Incubation Alliance (BIA) event in Denver, an opportunity to engage in discussions, network with industry leaders, and explore support mechanisms for early-stage blockchain projects.2025.2.183 min read](uncategorized/builder-supportbnb-incubation-alliance-at-eth.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityMemecoin Landscape on BNB Chain: A Path to Community Engagement and InnovationThis article will delve into the latest developments of notable meme coins on BNB Chain and explore the tools and opportunities available for anyone looking to create the next viral cultural artifact for their community.This article will delve into the latest developments of notable meme coins on BNB Chain and explore the tools and opportunities available for anyone looking to create the next viral cultural artifact for their community.2025.2.183 min read](uncategorized/communitymemecoin-landscape-on-bnb-chain-a-path-to.md) (3/19/2025)
- [InfrastructureBSC's Growing Pains: Optimization for Traffic SpikesToday we're releasing the first optimization designed to handle the surge in traffic on BSC. Problem We observed that during high-traffic periods, many transactions weren't being included in blocks in a timely manner. This meant that even users who increased their gas fees (transaction fees) to expedite their transactions weren't necessarily getting the priority they expected. Root Cause While there are many potential contributing factors, a key issue was that validator nodes (the computers Today we're releasing the first optimization designed to handle the surge in traffic on BSC. Problem We observed that during high-traffic periods, many transactions weren't being included in blocks in a timely manner. This meant that even users who increased their gas fees (transaction fees) to expedite their transactions weren't necessarily getting the priority they expected. Root Cause While there are many potential contributing factors, a key issue was that validator nodes (the computers 2025.2.152 min read](uncategorized/infrastructurebscs-growing-pains-optimization-for.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder Support$4.4M Liquidity Pool Support to Top Memecoins - Round 1Starting February 18, 2025, the BNB Chain Meme Liquidity Support Program will provide memecoins with an opportunity to shine and grow within the thriving BNB Chain ecosystem. We’ll spotlight the top memecoins daily and weekly by adding BNB liquidity directly to the winning projects' pools from the BNB Chain Foundation’s wallet. This liquidity will stay in the pool permanently and won’t be withdrawn. This is the 1st round of the competition, with the upcoming rounds to be announced based on commuStarting February 18, 2025, the BNB Chain Meme Liquidity Support Program will provide memecoins with an opportunity to shine and grow within the thriving BNB Chain ecosystem. We’ll spotlight the top memecoins daily and weekly by adding BNB liquidity directly to the winning projects' pools from the BNB Chain Foundation’s wallet. This liquidity will stay in the pool permanently and won’t be withdrawn. This is the 1st round of the competition, with the upcoming rounds to be announced based on commu2025.2.145 min read](uncategorized/builder-support44m-liquidity-pool-support-to-top.md) (3/19/2025)
- [AIEliza AI on BNB Chain: The Future of AI AgentsTo solidify its presence in the AI Agent space, BNB Chain has introduced a dedicated plugin for the Eliza Framework – offering seamless integration for AI-driven on-chain operations.To solidify its presence in the AI Agent space, BNB Chain has introduced a dedicated plugin for the Eliza Framework – offering seamless integration for AI-driven on-chain operations.2025.2.133 min read](uncategorized/aieliza-ai-on-bnb-chain-the-future-of-ai-agentsto.md) (3/19/2025)
- [[AMA Series] BNB Chain Red Envelope Carnival: Brickken EditionQ1. Please introduce you project and how it interacts with the BNB Chain ecosystem. Brickken focuses on tokenizing Real World Assets (RWA) like equity, debt, and bonds, turning them into tradable financial instruments through our easy-to-use SaaS platform. We are the official tokenization provider for BNB Chain, supportingnbusinesses in securely and efficiently digitizing their assets. With over $250 million in tokenized assets across 14 countries, we leverage BNB Chain’s blockchain to offer scQ1. Please introduce you project and how it interacts with the BNB Chain ecosystem. Brickken focuses on tokenizing Real World Assets (RWA) like equity, debt, and bonds, turning them into tradable financial instruments through our easy-to-use SaaS platform. We are the official tokenization provider for BNB Chain, supportingnbusinesses in securely and efficiently digitizing their assets. With over $250 million in tokenized assets across 14 countries, we leverage BNB Chain’s blockchain to offer sc2025.2.135 min read](uncategorized/ama-series-bnb-chain-red-envelope-carnival.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityBNB My Valentine: Share the Love with BNB Chain!It’s that time of the year! Valentine’s Day is just around the corner. This year, BNB Chain is bringing the love with the “BNB My Valentine” campaign. It’s that time of the year! Valentine’s Day is just around the corner. This year, BNB Chain is bringing the love with the “BNB My Valentine” campaign. 2025.2.122 min read](uncategorized/communitybnb-my-valentine-share-the-love-with-bnb.md) (3/19/2025)
- [[AMA Recap] Exploring the Future of AI Agents on BNB Chain: REVOX EditionQ1. Please introduce yourself and REVOX. I am Elia, Community manager of REVOX. REVOX is a modular onchain AI network, committed to building AI Agent infrastructure, providing developers and users with complete solutions for DeFi, AI asset issuance, and AI applications. Q2. How is REVOX making its AI Agents accessible to users who might not have a technical background in blockchain or AI? What initiatives are in place to drive adoption? REVOX provides a low-code platform: https://studio.revoxQ1. Please introduce yourself and REVOX. I am Elia, Community manager of REVOX. REVOX is a modular onchain AI network, committed to building AI Agent infrastructure, providing developers and users with complete solutions for DeFi, AI asset issuance, and AI applications. Q2. How is REVOX making its AI Agents accessible to users who might not have a technical background in blockchain or AI? What initiatives are in place to drive adoption? REVOX provides a low-code platform: https://studio.revox2025.2.123 min read](uncategorized/ama-recap-exploring-the-future-of-ai-agents-on-bnb.md) (3/19/2025)
- [InfrastructureBNB Chain 2025 技术路线图：构建高效、智能化的未来进入 2025 年，BNB Chain 将继续提升交易速度，整合人工智能，进一步完善开发者工具，提供更好更智能化的用户体验。进入 2025 年，BNB Chain 将继续提升交易速度，整合人工智能，进一步完善开发者工具，提供更好更智能化的用户体验。2025.2.126 min read](uncategorized/infrastructurebnb-chain-2025-2025-bnb-chain-2025.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder SupportBNB AI Hack: Hack the Future of AI on BNB Chain!BNB Chain’s Vision as an AI-First Blockchain Ecosystem. We are excited to introduce the BNB AI Hack, a dynamic and flexible event designed to foster the adoption of AI technologies on the BNB Chain. This hackathon is open on an ongoing basis, allowing projects to sign up and participate at their own pace, whenever they're ready. It’s a unique opportunity for top-tier talent from universities, builder communities, innovative projects, and industry leaders to collaborate and push the boundaries ofBNB Chain’s Vision as an AI-First Blockchain Ecosystem. We are excited to introduce the BNB AI Hack, a dynamic and flexible event designed to foster the adoption of AI technologies on the BNB Chain. This hackathon is open on an ongoing basis, allowing projects to sign up and participate at their own pace, whenever they're ready. It’s a unique opportunity for top-tier talent from universities, builder communities, innovative projects, and industry leaders to collaborate and push the boundaries of2025.2.126 min read](uncategorized/builder-supportbnb-ai-hack-hack-the-future-of-ai.md) (3/19/2025)
- [[AMA Series] Exploring the Future of AI Agents on BNB Chain: Jam AI EditionQ1. Please introduce yourself and the project you represent Hello! I am El, cofounder of Jam. Jam is a community focused on the creator economy. We provide everyone with the ability to create their own AI Agent without any coding, to help with creating content and engaging their communities. The community token is $JAM and more details are available at ai.jam.so. Follow us on x.com/jamfrens. Q2. How is Jam AI making its AI Agents accessible to users who might not have a technical background inQ1. Please introduce yourself and the project you represent Hello! I am El, cofounder of Jam. Jam is a community focused on the creator economy. We provide everyone with the ability to create their own AI Agent without any coding, to help with creating content and engaging their communities. The community token is $JAM and more details are available at ai.jam.so. Follow us on x.com/jamfrens. Q2. How is Jam AI making its AI Agents accessible to users who might not have a technical background in2025.2.123 min read](uncategorized/ama-series-exploring-the-future-of-ai-agents-on.md) (3/19/2025)
- [InfrastructureBNB Chain Tech Roadmap 2025As we head into 2025, BNB Chain aims to improve transaction speed, streamline user experience, integrate artificial intelligence, and refine developer tools. As we head into 2025, BNB Chain aims to improve transaction speed, streamline user experience, integrate artificial intelligence, and refine developer tools. 2025.2.114 min read](uncategorized/infrastructurebnb-chain-tech-roadmap-2025as-we.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3The Power of the Memecoin NarrativeMemecoins have become an undeniable force in the cryptocurrency market. Love them or hate them, they remain one of crypto’s most enduring narratives, with their total market cap surpassing $100 billion in 2024.Memecoins have become an undeniable force in the cryptocurrency market. Love them or hate them, they remain one of crypto’s most enduring narratives, with their total market cap surpassing $100 billion in 2024.2025.2.104 min read](uncategorized/web3the-power-of-the-memecoin-narrativememecoins.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityMalicious MEV ReductionWe suggest making BNB Chain turn down malicious MEV as a community by taking necessary steps to help, discourage, and even penalize those who facilitate and introduce malicious MEV into the BNB Chain. This is a call to vote on a proposal. We suggest making BNB Chain turn down malicious MEV as a community by taking necessary steps to help, discourage, and even penalize those who facilitate and introduce malicious MEV into the BNB Chain. This is a call to vote on a proposal. 2025.2.71 min read](uncategorized/communitymalicious-mev-reductionwe-suggest-making.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityAddressing BNB Use Cases, Total Supply and ConsumptionWe reflect on how BNB has evolved far beyond its origins as a utility token on Binance to become a key asset in the broader blockchain ecosystem.We reflect on how BNB has evolved far beyond its origins as a utility token on Binance to become a key asset in the broader blockchain ecosystem.2025.2.64 min read](uncategorized/communityaddressing-bnb-use-cases-total-supply-and.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityBNB Chain To Host Hacker House at ETH Oxford 2025BNB Chain will be a key sponsor of the ETH Oxford hackathon held at the prestigious Mathematical Institute of Oxford University. BNB Chain will be a key sponsor of the ETH Oxford hackathon held at the prestigious Mathematical Institute of Oxford University. 2025.2.53 min read](uncategorized/communitybnb-chain-to-host-hacker-house-at-eth.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityBNB Chain Q4 2024 HighlightsA deep dive into BNB Chain's transformative Q4 2024, highlighting notable financial growth, technical advancements, and expanding ecosystem adoptionA deep dive into BNB Chain's transformative Q4 2024, highlighting notable financial growth, technical advancements, and expanding ecosystem adoption2025.2.44 min read](uncategorized/communitybnb-chain-q4-2024-highlightsa-deep-dive.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityNew Projects on BNB Chain (Dec 28th - Jan 20th)Each week, BNB Chain onboards new projects across the landscape of DeFi, AI, DeSoc, Web3 gaming, Memes and beyond. 🔥 Take a look at the table below for descriptions of each, and make sure to follow any projects that capture your interest. Check back for updates on the latest members of the BNB Chain fam! Let's keep building Web3 together. 28th of December - 20th of January Project Category Description 0xGasless AI 0xGasless is a ERC4337 compliant software development toolkit (SDK) tEach week, BNB Chain onboards new projects across the landscape of DeFi, AI, DeSoc, Web3 gaming, Memes and beyond. 🔥 Take a look at the table below for descriptions of each, and make sure to follow any projects that capture your interest. Check back for updates on the latest members of the BNB Chain fam! Let's keep building Web3 together. 28th of December - 20th of January Project Category Description 0xGasless AI 0xGasless is a ERC4337 compliant software development toolkit (SDK) t2025.1.251 min read](uncategorized/communitynew-projects-on-bnb-chain-dec-28th-jan.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder SupportBNB Hack 2024 Q4 Winners: A Celebration of InnovationThe 2024 Q4 BNB Hack, known as the “Ultimate Battle of Hacker Heroes,” has come to a close, and we’re excited to celebrate the groundbreaking innovations that emerged during this quarter’s event. The 2024 Q4 BNB Hack, known as the “Ultimate Battle of Hacker Heroes,” has come to a close, and we’re excited to celebrate the groundbreaking innovations that emerged during this quarter’s event. 2025.1.246 min read](uncategorized/builder-supportbnb-hack-2024-q4-winners-a.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3What Is Account Abstraction and Why Is It Important?Account Abstraction aims to improve user experience and overall security by introducing smart contract functionality in crypto wallets. Account Abstraction aims to improve user experience and overall security by introducing smart contract functionality in crypto wallets. 2025.1.244 min read](uncategorized/web3what-is-account-abstraction-and-why-is-it.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder SupportCelebrate the New Year with BNB Chain: Red Envelope Carnival to share $300K+ TokensStart your year with exciting rewards! From January 27, 2025, to February 17, 2025, join us for a three-week-long celebration, the Red Envelope Carnival: Share $300K+ Tokens. Start your year with exciting rewards! From January 27, 2025, to February 17, 2025, join us for a three-week-long celebration, the Red Envelope Carnival: Share $300K+ Tokens. 2025.1.234 min read](uncategorized/builder-supportcelebrate-the-new-year-with-bnb.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Infrastructure30th BNB BurnThe BNB Foundation has officially announced the successful completion of the 30th quarterly BNB token burn by BNB Chain. The BNB Foundation has officially announced the successful completion of the 30th quarterly BNB token burn by BNB Chain. 2025.1.232 min read](uncategorized/infrastructure30th-bnb-burnthe-bnb-foundation-has.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3How to Create a Memecoin in 2025With the right planning—clarifying your vision, choosing the right blockchain, and designing fair distribution - you can easily create a successful memecoin in 2025.With the right planning—clarifying your vision, choosing the right blockchain, and designing fair distribution - you can easily create a successful memecoin in 2025.2025.1.224 min read](uncategorized/web3how-to-create-a-memecoin-in-2025with-the-right.md) (3/19/2025)
- [AIIntroducing BNB Chain’s AI Agent Solution: A Step Forward for DevelopersAn AI agent is an autonomous, software-based entity that uses artificial intelligence to perform tasks, make decisions, and interact with users or other systems.An AI agent is an autonomous, software-based entity that uses artificial intelligence to perform tasks, make decisions, and interact with users or other systems.2025.1.213 min read](uncategorized/aiintroducing-bnb-chains-ai-agent-solution-a-step.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3BNB Chain Unveils Memecoin SolutionBNB Chain has launched its latest initiative: the Memecoin Solution. This no-code platform is designed to enable to easily create, launch, and grow their own memecoin projects.BNB Chain has launched its latest initiative: the Memecoin Solution. This no-code platform is designed to enable to easily create, launch, and grow their own memecoin projects.2025.1.203 min read](uncategorized/web3bnb-chain-unveils-memecoin-solutionbnb-chain.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3What Is a Blockchain Oracle?A blockchain oracle is a mechanism that connects blockchains to real-world data, systems, and computations.A blockchain oracle is a mechanism that connects blockchains to real-world data, systems, and computations.2025.1.204 min read](uncategorized/web3what-is-a-blockchain-oraclea-blockchain-oracle.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder SupportAI Agents Competition: Be the Star Innovator on BNB ChainTo kick off 2025 with a bang and embrace the soaring popularity of AI, BNB Chain proudly announces the "AI Agents Competition." This campaign aims to spotlight innovative AI agents and reward their developers. JTo kick off 2025 with a bang and embrace the soaring popularity of AI, BNB Chain proudly announces the "AI Agents Competition." This campaign aims to spotlight innovative AI agents and reward their developers. J2025.1.166 min read](uncategorized/builder-supportai-agents-competition-be-the-star.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder SupportBNB Executive TVL Incentive Program: Win Up to 50,000 BNB Delegation Support!BNB Executive TVL Incentive Program: Win Up to 50,000 BNB Delegation Support!BNB Executive TVL Incentive Program: Win Up to 50,000 BNB Delegation Support!2025.1.154 min read](uncategorized/builder-supportbnb-executive-tvl-incentive-program.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder SupportWhat is BNB Testnet Faucet?The BNB Testnet Faucet provides developers and blockchain enthusiasts free testnet BNB (tBNB) tokens.The BNB Testnet Faucet provides developers and blockchain enthusiasts free testnet BNB (tBNB) tokens.2025.1.143 min read](uncategorized/builder-supportwhat-is-bnb-testnet-faucetthe-bnb.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityBhutan Embraces BNB as a Strategic Reserve: A Milestone for CryptoIn a major step forward for blockchain adoption, Bhutan’s Gelephu Mindfulness City (GMC) has announced its decision to include BNB in its strategic reservesIn a major step forward for blockchain adoption, Bhutan’s Gelephu Mindfulness City (GMC) has announced its decision to include BNB in its strategic reserves2025.1.83 min read](uncategorized/communitybhutan-embraces-bnb-as-a-strategic.md) (3/19/2025)
- [AIBNB Chain AI Builders SpotlightToday’s blog highlights seven standout AI projects on BNB Chain: MyShell, NFP, ChainGPT, Gata, Alaya, MEET 48, TermiX.Today’s blog highlights seven standout AI projects on BNB Chain: MyShell, NFP, ChainGPT, Gata, Alaya, MEET 48, TermiX.2025.1.86 min read](uncategorized/aibnb-chain-ai-builders-spotlighttodays-blog.md) (3/19/2025)
- [InfrastructureBNB Chain’s Vision as an AI-First Blockchain EcosystemBNB Chain is evolving with a forward-looking focus on Artificial Intelligence (AI). This move aims to position BNB Chain as an AI-first blockchain, offering the essential tools and infrastructure for AI data management and labeling.BNB Chain is evolving with a forward-looking focus on Artificial Intelligence (AI). This move aims to position BNB Chain as an AI-first blockchain, offering the essential tools and infrastructure for AI data management and labeling.2025.1.13 min read](uncategorized/infrastructurebnb-chains-vision-as-an-aifirst.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityNew Projects on BNB Chain (Dec 16th - 27th)Each week, BNB Chain onboards new projects across the landscape of DeFi, AI, DeSoc, Web3 gaming, Memes and beyond. 🔥 Take a look at the table below for descriptions of each, and make sure to follow any projects that capture your interest. Check back for updates on the latest members of the BNB Chain fam! Let's keep building Web3 together. 6th of December - 15th of December Project Category Description GoodGameArcade Gaming Bridging Web2 to Web3 GameFi Platform, empowering players wiEach week, BNB Chain onboards new projects across the landscape of DeFi, AI, DeSoc, Web3 gaming, Memes and beyond. 🔥 Take a look at the table below for descriptions of each, and make sure to follow any projects that capture your interest. Check back for updates on the latest members of the BNB Chain fam! Let's keep building Web3 together. 6th of December - 15th of December Project Category Description GoodGameArcade Gaming Bridging Web2 to Web3 GameFi Platform, empowering players wi2024.12.281 min read](uncategorized/communitynew-projects-on-bnb-chain-dec-16th.md) (3/19/2025)
- [AIBNB Chain AI Landscape – An OverviewBNB Chain’s "AI-first" is closely tied to its “One BNB” philosophy. One BNB refers to BNB Chain’s multi-chain architecture, comprising BNB Smart Chain (BSC), opBNB, and BNB Greenfield.BNB Chain’s "AI-first" is closely tied to its “One BNB” philosophy. One BNB refers to BNB Chain’s multi-chain architecture, comprising BNB Smart Chain (BSC), opBNB, and BNB Greenfield.2024.12.275 min read](uncategorized/aibnb-chain-ai-landscape-an-overviewbnb-chains.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityBNB Chain 2024: A Year of Growth and TransformationThis blog provides a comprehensive summary of BNB Chain’s achievements, metrics, and initiatives throughout the year. This blog provides a comprehensive summary of BNB Chain’s achievements, metrics, and initiatives throughout the year. 2024.12.234 min read](uncategorized/communitybnb-chain-2024-a-year-of-growth-and.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityInfrastructure2024 Annual Report on BNB ChainThe 2024 Annual Report on BNB Chain highlights a transformative year for the ecosystem, showcasing its commitment to scalability and developer support. The 2024 Annual Report on BNB Chain highlights a transformative year for the ecosystem, showcasing its commitment to scalability and developer support. 2024.12.239 min read](uncategorized/communityinfrastructure2024-annual-report-on-bnb.md) (3/19/2025)
- [AIWhat are Crypto AI Agents?AI agents can help with everything from trading to creating digital art. Think of them as a digital assistant that can gather information, make decisions, and take actions.AI agents can help with everything from trading to creating digital art. Think of them as a digital assistant that can gather information, make decisions, and take actions.2024.12.204 min read](uncategorized/aiwhat-are-crypto-ai-agentsai-agents-can-help-with.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityAnnouncing $CHEEMS and $HMC as Latest Recipients of the Meme Heroes LP Support ProgramExcited to announce the fifth and sixth recipients of our Meme Heroes LP Support Program— Cheems ($CHEEMS) and HamsterChamp ($HMC)! Congratulations to both teams and their dedicated communities for earning this well-deserved recognition. What is Cheems? Cheems is the lord of memes, a small, pitiful, helpless Shiba Inu. Paying respect to everyone who love Cheems, who has undergone various market dumps. project rugs and collapses in crypto market. Cheems is here for y'all, whether you have lost Excited to announce the fifth and sixth recipients of our Meme Heroes LP Support Program— Cheems ($CHEEMS) and HamsterChamp ($HMC)! Congratulations to both teams and their dedicated communities for earning this well-deserved recognition. What is Cheems? Cheems is the lord of memes, a small, pitiful, helpless Shiba Inu. Paying respect to everyone who love Cheems, who has undergone various market dumps. project rugs and collapses in crypto market. Cheems is here for y'all, whether you have lost 2024.12.172 min read](uncategorized/communityannouncing-cheems-and-hmc-as-latest.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityNew Projects on BNB Chain (Dec 6th - 15th)Each week, BNB Chain onboards new projects across the landscape of DeFi, AI, DeSoc, Web3 gaming, Memes and beyond. 🔥 Take a look at the table below for descriptions of each, and make sure to follow any projects that capture your interest. Check back for updates on the latest members of the BNB Chain fam! Let's keep building Web3 together. 6th of December - 15th of December Project Category Description Ballies Gaming Ballies is an AI sports gaming platform with prediction markets, faEach week, BNB Chain onboards new projects across the landscape of DeFi, AI, DeSoc, Web3 gaming, Memes and beyond. 🔥 Take a look at the table below for descriptions of each, and make sure to follow any projects that capture your interest. Check back for updates on the latest members of the BNB Chain fam! Let's keep building Web3 together. 6th of December - 15th of December Project Category Description Ballies Gaming Ballies is an AI sports gaming platform with prediction markets, fa2024.12.161 min read](uncategorized/communitynew-projects-on-bnb-chain-dec-6th.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Builder SupportBNB Chain’s Most Valuable Builder (MVB) Program Returns with Season 9The Most Valuable Builder (MVB) program is designed to accelerate innovation and support projects shaping the future of blockchain technology.The Most Valuable Builder (MVB) program is designed to accelerate innovation and support projects shaping the future of blockchain technology.2024.12.132 min read](uncategorized/builder-supportbnb-chains-most-valuable-builder.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3Tokenization in Financial Asset ManagementIn this blog, let’s focus on tokenization in financial asset management, specifically how it can be used to improve various traditional financial instruments.In this blog, let’s focus on tokenization in financial asset management, specifically how it can be used to improve various traditional financial instruments.2024.12.133 min read](uncategorized/web3tokenization-in-financial-asset-managementin.md) (3/19/2025)
- [InfrastructureHow BNB Chain Empowers DeSci for the Future of ResearchBNB Chain, as part of the broader blockchain ecosystem, contributes to this transformation by providing scalable infrastructure and tools that support DeSci initiatives. BNB Chain, as part of the broader blockchain ecosystem, contributes to this transformation by providing scalable infrastructure and tools that support DeSci initiatives. 2024.12.103 min read](uncategorized/infrastructurehow-bnb-chain-empowers-desci-for-the.md) (3/19/2025)
- [Web3BNB Chain Tokenization Case Study: CarbonFiCarbonFi is transforming the carbon credit market with blockchain technology, ensuring security, transparency, and global connectivity.CarbonFi is transforming the carbon credit market with blockchain technology, ensuring security, transparency, and global connectivity.2024.12.93 min read](uncategorized/web3bnb-chain-tokenization-case-study.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityNew Projects on BNB Chain (Nov 21st - Dec 5th)Each week, BNB Chain onboards new projects across the landscape of DeFi, AI, DeSoc, Web3 gaming, Memes and beyond. 🔥 Take a look at the table below for descriptions of each, and make sure to follow any projects that capture your interest. Check back for updates on the latest members of the BNB Chain fam! Let's keep building Web3 together. 21st of November - 5th of December Project Category Description ChainFactory Infrastructure Create your own Token or dApp... Fast, Simple, AffordaEach week, BNB Chain onboards new projects across the landscape of DeFi, AI, DeSoc, Web3 gaming, Memes and beyond. 🔥 Take a look at the table below for descriptions of each, and make sure to follow any projects that capture your interest. Check back for updates on the latest members of the BNB Chain fam! Let's keep building Web3 together. 21st of November - 5th of December Project Category Description ChainFactory Infrastructure Create your own Token or dApp... Fast, Simple, Afforda2024.12.61 min read](uncategorized/communitynew-projects-on-bnb-chain-nov-21st-dec.md) (3/19/2025)
- [CommunityGet Your Memecoin Noticed: 33 BNB Bought for the Top Memecoin and Airdropped to BNB & CAKE Holders!From December 12 to December 19, 2024, we’re spotlighting the top memecoins daily by buying 33 BNB worth of their tokens and airdropping them to 1,000 lucky BNB and CAKE holders.From December 12 to December 19, 2024, we’re spotlighting the top memecoins daily by buying 33 BNB worth of their tokens and airdropping them to 1,000 lucky BNB and CAKE holders.2024.12.55 min read](uncategorized/communityget-your-memecoin-noticed-33-bnb-bought.md) (3/19/2025)

